are we rolling yeah
and I just wanna film it from start to
finish
here comes I think it hit a gap
so since we don't have a choice here but
to drill our hole in the middle that's
where we're starting with drill fill all
the way down up to the middle then
reinsert the holes up and fill from the
top down back to our hole in the middle
full cavity like this 16 inches on
center it takes about four minutes start
to finish
and then we're filling from the bottom
up insulation is moving up this cavity
right now so after we insert the tube up
to the top plate it won't take me as
long to pack it down to the middle as it
does from the bottom
she's backing out now so I pull it out
about 46 inches at a time until she
stall
got marks on our hose so we know
approximately how much hose is in the
wall now we're gonna go up see it's
packed a little bit already
why the towel the towel is to prevent
the air with the cellulose blown out
gets a little dusty inevitably when you
do several stud cavities you're gonna
pull that to about it too quick tell it
will help a little bit but you probably
get blasted with some cellulose I see a
bunch yeah this one's packed and I've
got about a foot and a half a tube left
in here you can see it went a lot
quicker than from bottom up and then
just kind of inch it here letting some
of the pressure out it's one of our
disgruntled employees over there
you